IoT onboarding editorial fixes (#46)
yaronf/draft-tls-attestation: draft-fossati-tls-attestation.md

## IoT Device Onboarding

> In this scenario, an IoT device is connected to a Device Manager, which could be a cloud service provider or a network operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this scenario, an IoT device is connected to a remote device management entity, which could be a cloud service provider or a network operator.
```

Reviewer 2: "remote device management entity" does not seem to be a standard term. Just curious to know what else it could be other than CSP or network operator?

Reviewer: @muhammad-usama-sardar Remote Entity can be any thing that controls the device. Device Management is an industry standard term and we are just referring that entity here

Reviewer 2: > Device Management is an industry standard term 

Can you point me to any such standard which defines this term "Device management"?

Author: Also, standard-wise, [OMA DM](https://www.openmobilealliance.org/release/DM/V1_3-20160524-A/OMA-TS-DM_Protocol-V1_3-20160524-A.pdf) and [oneM2M](https://www.onem2m.org/technical/published-specifications) are two quite popular specs.

*

> It is important to note that there is no pre-existing relationship between the two parties.

Reviewer 2: - s/relationship/trust relationship or s/relationship/secure channel? 
- s/two parties/device and the entity?
- Since "typically" was removed in rephrasing, did you intend to strictly exclude the case when some pre-existing relationship exists.

Author: > * s/relationship/trust relationship or s/relationship/secure channel?

I understand the previously existing text as "the DM does not trust the device."

> * s/two parties/device and the entity?

There seems to be no ambiguity, but if you think it improves clarity I am OK to make the change.

> * Since "typically" was removed in rephrasing, did you intend to strictly exclude the case when some pre-existing relationship exists.

No, I'm just saying we don't assume it.

Reviewer 2: > I understand the previously existing text as "the DM does not trust the device."

I prefer to write it as is then. ''There is no pre-existing trust relationship" is strictly stronger statement, implying that the device also does not trust the DM, which is not your intention, right?

> No, I'm just saying we don't assume it.

How about s/It is important to note that there is no pre-existing relationship between the two parties/We assume that the remote device management entity does not trust the device.?

Author: WFM, thanks!

> The device management entity's responsibility is to guarantee that the device is running the intended firmware version, has not been tampered with, and is not being emulated or cloned.

Reviewer 3: Don't know if I'm being pedantic, and this is intended to be an editorial fix so feel free to move to a different issue, but why is "firmware version" singled out here? e.g. with a TPM you can measure all the way into userspace

Author: > why is "firmware version" singled out here? e.g. with a TPM you can measure all the way into userspace

Right, here the attester is a small thing, so it makes sense to use the term "firmware", I guess.

I am happy to change it to "software".

Reviewer 3: Ah, I see, it's intended strictly as a specific example. I think either option works, leaving it to you to decide.

> The device management entity's responsibility is to guarantee that the device is running the intended firmware version, has not been tampered with, and is not being emulated or cloned.

Author: ```suggestion
The device management entity's responsibility is to guarantee that the device is running the intended software version, has not been tampered with, and is not being emulated or cloned.
```
